[Resource] Add Volumes Bulk Attach and Detach (#5669)
IBM-Cloud/terraform-provider-ibm: website/docs/r/pi_volumes_detach.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Power Systems"
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM : ibm_pi_volumes_detach"
description: |-
  Manages volumes in Power Virtual Server cloud.
---

> # ibm_pi_volumes_attach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ibm_pi_volumes_detach
```

Author: updated

Detach volumes to a Power Systems Virtual Server instance, see [volumes](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/power-cloud#pcloud-v2-pvminstances-volumes-post)

## Example Usage

> The following example attach volumes to power virtual instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example detach volumes from a power virtual instance.
```
